#Sosta
## Project Proposal: 
1. Stack to be used: React + Express + Node + PostgreSQL + AWS S3
2. Front-end, back-end or fullstack? - My aim is for Sosta to have a strong front-end interface that looks great on desktop and mobile devices. However, because it is a social media application, the back-end will also be strong. 
3. Sosta will be a web app made for desktop and mobile devices.
4. The goal is to create an application that looks and performs really well. I'm hoping to be able to support image upload with Amazon's S3 AWS service which will allow for users to share images. 
5. The site has a specific targer audience : Flight Attendants. It is a travel application made for the unique way in which flight attendants travel. The age is from 21 - 65.
6. The bulk of the data will come from users themselves who share restaurants and places to visit while on layover. I will be building my own API to support all of the data being fed to the site. 
7. a) The databse will hold information about users, users' comments, layovers, layovers' sites, pictures. b) The API will have to respond with errors when a bad request is made and be able to auhenticate requests. c) Yes, all users will have to be authenticated before accessing any of the sites features because the purpose of the site is to provide a safe and secure place for flight attendants to freely share information about their layovers. For example, we flight attendants do not share information about the hotel they stay at for safety reasons, especially in international locations. d) The site will support a friends' feed and users will be able to see any posts and pictures of their flight attendant friends and their layover. The other main feature of the site is to provide information about a layover so each internatinal layover will have its own page with things to do and thier reviews, stats usefuls to that particular layover (currency, money exchange, population, etc). All users can post to these pages if they have recommendations as to what to do on that particular layover. e) User flow will be as follows: An unathenticated visits landing page with demo of how site works. Then the user logs in or signs up (in later version of site, a user will request to sign up where credentials will be checked to ensure they are a flight attendant). Authenticated users will then go to the home page where a user can select one of the layovers they seek to get info about.  The feed page will also have a search bar where a user can type in the name or code for their layover (ex. LIM for Lima, Peru) and it will take them to that page which has details on that city with activities and recommended restaurants. f) The ability for users to upload pictures of their layovers requires an external tool to host the storage for all of the pictures. Amazon Web Services S3 will be used for this purpose. A stretch goal may be to implement a feed page as the home page where users can see what their friends have recently shared. 

